[Music]
well hey there if you've ever been to
any East Asian countries or seen them in
pictures or TV shows you probably notice
of hundreds of people wearing surgical
masks they wear them in public transport
cafes in the street and in the office
apparently there's an absurd number of
surgeons in these countries who like to
wear their work clothes home or not in
Japan Korea China and Vietnam medical
face masks have long ago become part of
everyday life even babies wear them all
the time it looks like the most obvious
reason would be not to catch a cold well
technically it all started with that
wearing a mask gives minimal protection
from germs though it's the opinion of
some that viruses have no difficulty
getting through them but the real reason
is that people who are already sick wear
masks in an effort to not infect others
the Japanese aren't used to skipping a
single workday even if they're not
feeling well when you're sick you're
constantly leaving a trail of germs that
stay behind wherever you go want seats
and the public transport doors and
handrails this way wearing a mask is a
social courtesy if you feel sick you're
not supposed to put everyone around you
at risk this is part of the Asian
mindset during flu epidemics in a cold
season every second man woman and baby
in Asia wears a mask the fewer people
get ill the less the epidemic will
spread and the faster it'll land another
reason is air pollution industrialized
cities and thousands of cars don't make
for clean air if you write a scooter and
there are millions of them in Vietnam
and China you'll want a mask it protects
it not only from dust and emissions but
all sorts of flying insects that bump
into your face at a high speed masks are
also effective against allergies
end of February is the beginning of
allergy season for people in Japan
pollen spreads around the whole country
for several months till the end of May
and makes life miserable for those who
are sensitive to it red eyes a runny
nose and itchy are the most harmless
signs of allergies no wonder people
don't ever take off their masks in the
street during spring in those Asian
countries where winters can be cold and
frosting messes can also help to protect
the face a shallower upside to the masks
for the ladies is that they hide your
face if you didn't have time to apply on
your makeup put on some mascara and a
mask and you'll look great men have
their own advantage too they can wear a
mask to hide if they fail to shave in
the morning what a great idea
Asians wear masks so often that they've
long ago become part of their wardrobe
young people try to pick out a mask
color and shape to match their outfit
manufacturers produce them as a trendy
accessory in different colors and
materials and Asian designers call masks
an element of smaug couture still
another reason masks are so popular in
the countries of East Asia is that they
help to hide a person's emotions if you
don't want to share your sadness or joy
with others masks will help you with
that it's a true gift for introverts who
don't feel like talking to strangers or
answering questions from shop assistants
some people also wear headphones and
feel safe and protected wherever they go
the Asian masks market is thriving they
spent two hundred and thirty million
dollars on masks early in Japan alone
new options appear all the time one
Japanese manufacturer even started
producing masks that help with shedding
weight they have a special color and
flavor that stimulate the metabolism to
help its owner get in shape Wow
I assumed it would just plug up his
mouth my bad
but this isn't the only interesting
tradition in Asia that surprises
foreigners this ancient culture has
hundreds of mysteries Asia is the
biggest continent in square miles in
population it's bigger than the entire
surface of the Moon by 2.9 million
square miles the population of the whole
continent is 60 percent of the world's
population if all these people stand
together holding each other's hands
nothing would get done
oh and they'd make 100 circles around
the earth only one Chinese province
Sichuan has more people in it than
Greece Portugal Netherlands Australia
Guatemala Malaysia Australia and Canada
put together and this province is only
the fourth biggest in China though China
is in five time zones
there's officially only one that they
use the government accepted this role in
the middle of the twentieth century to
make the people of China more United
that's why when it's 6:00 a.m. in
Beijing the western territories will be
in darkness for two more hours
the Vietnamese new year tent is a
birthday for everyone it starts on the
first day of the moon calendar which is
at the end of winter and is celebrated
for several days the Vietnamese and
Koreans count their age by the number of
moon years so even if a child is born
several days before Tet they won't turn
one year old until their first Tet the
Thai New Year is celebrated from April
13th to April 15th and is the oldest
festival that marks the change of
seasons one of the main rituals of this
holiday is smearing each other with a
mixture of water flower and town and
this helps with what a facial or
something Hey if you know about it tell
me in the comments the Japanese are the
thinnest nation among the largest
economies and this is regulated by law
Japanese law is demand that men's waist
shouldn't be wider than thirty three and
a half inches woman's waist shouldn't be
wider than 35 inches people who break
the law won't be fined or jail but will
get a medical consultation and are
usually put on a diet approved by the
government this is done for the sake of
the nation's health since excess weight
is generally
with different diseases so it's their
way to weigh you so you don't way way
way too much the Chinese name their
children after events in 1992 China
applied to halt the Olympic Games and
680 newborn babies were called a Yuen
which means Olympic Games in Chinese
other popular names are creating the
nation space travel and defense of China
apparently few if any are named Kung Fu
Panda in Vietnam men grow long
fingernails it's considered a high-class
mark since only people who don't do any
hard work can manage this these are
mainly people who work in shops and
beauty salons in Emery is the Japanese
practice of taking a nap during the work
day if you go to sleep in the office
nobody will judge or fire you quite to
the contrary it's a sign that you work a
lot and don't have time to sleep at home
it's also proved that a short nap during
the day helps to rest and restore energy
which means that people will work more
efficiently the famous Japanese dish
sushi originated from South Asia and is
made from two main ingredients of
Eastern cuisine rice and fish the
Japanese have eaten it for many
generations and got so used to it that
they now have special bacteria in their
gut that help to digest the seaweed
better than people from other nations do
skyscrapers in Hong Kong have huge holes
about 40 feet high and 33 feet wide this
is done so that dragons can fly through
them when they go from the mountain to
the sea in other words so that energy
could flow easily this is part of the
function that the Chinese believe in and
follow in daily life even
in architecture holy buildings which of
these Asian traditions or facts
surprised you the most let me know down
in the comments hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]